# Proposal

## Basic Infomation

### Project title

A multi-threaded graphic subtitle generator

### Group members and contact info

| Name           | Jiaming Xu | Teng Yue | Wenrui Xu                  |
| -------------- | ---------- | -------- | -------------------------- |
| Student Number |            |          | 1008313228                 |
| Email Address  |            |          | wenrui.xu@mail.utoronto.ca |
| Main Page      |            |          | https://github.com/Cyame   |

### Area

Format Converting; Advanced SubStation Alpha; Multi-thread; POSIX threads

## Project Description

### Background

ASS (Advanced SubStation Alpha) is a standard subtitle file format based on SSA (SubStation Alpha), which is originally a format standard for subtitle file generated by a software called SubStation Alpha. ASS format is "advanced" due to its support to animation and graphic appendix in subtitles, which means subtitle producer can add images, graphs or animation through this format. However, the graphs are added by a specific drawing instruction, whose grammar is similar to "Turtle" package in Python or drawing toolkits in Scheme.

A typical vector graph format is SVG (Scalable Vector Graphics), which is a XML-based vector image format for two-dimensionalgraphics with support for interactivity and animation. It is widely used in Web Design and Graphic Design which is open standard by W3C in 1999. Thus, our task to simplify the graph drawing process could be a convertion from SVG to ASS drawing instruction as SVG is a easily generated and widely supported format for graphs.

### Linked Projects

Based on an opensource project: [irrwahn/svg2ass: Svg2ass - convert SVG vector graphics to ASS subtitle draw instructions. (github.com)](https://github.com/irrwahn/svg2ass)

## Overall Objectives

We are going to implement a multi-threaded graphic subtitle generator whose major task is to convert SVG (XML) image into ASS drawing instruction, and we are planning to develop two versions: CUDA and CPU, of this program. Then we'd evaluate its performance comparing to the sequential program, and do further optimization.
